:memo: [#239] document experimental features (#264)
open-zaak/open-notificaties: docs/api/experimental.rst

.. _api_experimental:

==========================================
Experimental features of Open Notificaties
==========================================

> Open Notificaties, which adhere to :ref:`VNG standards <api_index>`.
> Moreover it provides extra features which are not included in the standards.

Reviewer: Open Zaak bundles multiple API standards (Zaken API, Catalogi API, etc.), but Open Notificaties implements only one (Notificaties API)

```suggestion
Open Notificaties implements the Notificaties API which adheres to the :ref:`VNG standard <api_index>`.
Moreover it provides extra features which are not included in this standard.
```
